welcome back to thursday's the moon my
name is Blake cousins yesterday I spoke
with the Summoner Robert Bingham
regarding more exclusive footage from
Los Angeles California now let's take a
look at the Galactic Federation of life
by this date the date of a mountain oh
wow look at that oh my gosh 123456789 oh
my lord
Kimberly Kim Robert Bingham continuously
supplies exclusive footage right here at
third phase of moon but Robert Bingham
has his new YouTube channel and I
suggest you check it out UFO Robert
Bingham click the link and visit his
channel he has many exclusive videos to
share now let's take a look at this
other amazing video that Robert shared
with us all my lord this is
amazing no do the sauce dude that's a
please get quicken loans arena dude
Lucas what if they can make it look at
the camo vehicle here skeptics will
easily dismiss this as balloons or some
kind of elaborate hoax by Robert Bingham
right here at third phase of Moon I
asked them the harsh questions and he
said to me place there is nothing that
I'm doing here that is any kind of
trickery of any kind some are even
appearing out of there coming from space
and just starting with Snickers oh
there's more flickerings excited 8
there's some flickering that are just
appearing out of nowhere if you captured
anything amazing like Robert Bingham
send it to us at third phase of Moon via
Skype my name is Blake cousins and we'll
see you again next time Oh nigga gasps
oh my gosh
what
three four five six seven eight nine
Oh Kimberly Kim kimberleigh way come up
gotta see this quick come over come over
why
all weary 1 i'm looking at 12
Munna